#summary features
#sidebar TableOfContents

<wiki:toc max_depth="1" />

= Introduction =

IC is supposed to be a tool for all seasons:

{{{
W - each saved world has its own settings
G - global settings
P - plugin specific settings
}}}

= Details =

== Triggers ==
IC monitors all incoming data a line at a time. After all active plugins have looked at the line and rejected it, IC checks it against it's trigger list. If a match is found, the associated trigger is run.

Triggers can either be:

 * A simple text match
 * A regular expression (regex)

A regex has a higher overhead in processing time, so simple text triggers should be used where possible.

Actions that can be triggered are:

 * Run a named Macro
 * Insert text into the keyboard input stream
 * Invoke one of IC's builtin functions
 * Send a line of text to the remote world

== Keyboard Shortcuts ==
TBD

== Timers ==
Timers are activities that happen at specific intervals or times without the user's intervention. 

There are two types of timer:

 * One-shot. the trigger runs just once, after a predifed time interval has expired.
 * Repeating. The timer repeats regularly at a pre-defined frequency.

Actions that Timers can trigger are:

 * Run a named Macro
 * Insert text into the keyboard input stream
 * Invoke one of IC's builtin functions
 * Send a line of text to the remote world


== Text Highlighting ==
TBD

== Configurable Editors ==
TBD

== Other features ==

=== Special Text Formatting ===
When defining text to be sent to a world or to be injected in the keyboard input stream, you can use special formatting to get IC to substitute certain information at run time.

Special formatting is introduced by the percent symbol (*%*). A single character follows which tells IC what substitution to make.

Currently supported substitutions are:
|| *Formatting* || *Replace With* || *Context(s) ||
|| %% || A single percent character || All ||
|| %h || The host name of the world || Connected ||
|| %p || The network port number of the world || Connected ||
|| %w || The name of the world || Connected to a saved world ||